[DOC] Add docs for SORTABLE (#2678)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/commands/ft.search.md

- **PAYLOAD {payload}**: Add an arbitrary, binary safe payload that will be exposed to custom scoring
  functions. [See Extensions](/redisearch/reference/extensions).

> - **SORTBY {attribute} [ASC|DESC]**: If specified, the results are ordered by the value of this attribute. This applies to both text and numeric attributes. Attributes needed for sortby should be stored as **SORTABLE**, where they are available with very low latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SORTBY {attribute} [ASC|DESC]**: If specified, the results are ordered by the value of this attribute. This applies to both text and numeric attributes. Attributes needed for **SORTBY** should be declared as **SORTABLE** in the index, in order to be available with very low latency (notice this adds memory overhead)
```
